Monaco 2015 parody review by crazy
Karnas and go and lighter offer
beautiful stuff for Lewis Hamilton
closely fault PO Nico Rosberg and
Sebastian Vettel what no crash boring
I'm King Fernando we've got a penalty
for crashing into hülkenberg okay
stupid Oh Fernando a lot a lot to learn
about 60 laps later full of complete
dual driving far too little blue flags
and actually fucking no reason to keep
on watching
so I asked so many people disagreeing
with my forming what engagement is it
because they fear I would do it
Maldonado just crash around hey Charlie
wake up uh-huh
what what what something happened oh my
god I've been waiting for this so long
Virgil safety car Yahoo well this sucks
guys the tires are falling off a cliff a
little is it worth pitting hello should
i box should I buy oh come on I was so
quick the gap must be big enough to just
come in
yeah fresh options fastest lap here I go
should I wear my going chain on my
golden watch later on
well let's say both it sounds logic what
the fuck
it's just so Ross but passing me weird
what battle no no no no no
oh come on fuck it fuck it
what did you say no Toto I have no idea
paddy I don't know anything Nicky and
then I told Bernie well I can't do the
job
hey what did you say Lois bullshit Oh
said booth is a Red Bull coming up
behind me and Nico Rosberg surprisingly
wins for Monaco Grand Prix 2015 with
Vettel making it a German one too so
Lewis is only leading by 10 points now
in the championship fuck it bloody
Rosberg bloody t bloody contract here
2018 huh yes yes yes Jimin Monaco my
living room baby yes many yes Louis
messed it up Congrats Nico off Fang SEP
well I'll take it just free in a row
well done mate
I hate you and now the champagne
you
come on Louise let's celebrate for the
team wait I got something in my eye
what's it this time tear drops well go
fuck yourself fuck yourself
boys let's behave like on TV respect
each other and fuck you all this yeah
could become quite interesting in the
end thoughts a Ferrari Lagasse got ya
spaghetti tortellini
gorgonzola coulis
come on flag great boys Bernie I know
you got tons of stupid ideas
this well I'm neither comment Yoda nor
conchita wurst so please please get out
of the way